for months he practiced in secret soon
he was making squares and triangles
hexagons parallelogram
rhomboids polyhedrons trapezoids
parallel pipe heads decagons
petrol grams and an infinite number of
other shapes so complex that he had a
letter his sides and angles to keep his
place before long he learned to
carefully control ellipses circles and
complex curves and to express himself in
any shape he wished you name it I'll
play it but all his successes meant
nothing to him alone and so off he went
to seek the dot once again you would
gain method the squiggle on a voice that
sounded like bad plumbing you don't
stand a chance
but the line was bursting with old love
a new confidence and he was not to be
denied for now he was dazzling clever
mysterious
versatile night
don't
no phone
enigmatic
complex and compelling
the doc was overwhelmed she'd giggled
like a screw girls know what to do with
her hands then she turned to the
squiggle hood suddenly developed a
severe famine Welsh in fire trying to
give him every chance the school taken
by surprise to the best he could is that
all she demanded I guess so replied the
miserable squiggle that is I suppose so
what I mean is I never know how it's
going to turn out hey have you heard the
one about the two guys who wondered why
she'd never noticed how Harry and course
he was how untidy and graceless and how
he mispronounced his ELLs and picked to
the herb and suddenly she realized but
watched he thought was freedom and joy
was nothing but anarchy and slow you are
as meaningless as a melon she said cool
it undisciplined unkempt an
unaccountable insignificant
indeterminate and inadvertent out of
shape an to order out of place now do
not go with that she turns to the line
and shyly took his arm to the one with
all the funny curves again had a she
could softly and he did and soon they
did and lived if not happily ever after
at least reasonably so